[MUSIC]
>> Douglas Crockford: I told you
that story because I want to
introduce you the Kerckhoffs.
Kerckhoffs was an amazing guy.
After the bulletproof thing exploded,
things went really bad for him,
his health suffered and
it just, it went bad.
But just before he got involved with them,
he wrote the first book
about modern cryptography.
Prior to Kerckhoffs, cryptography was
understood as the science of secret codes,
generally codes written
on pieces of paper.
Kerckhoffs reinvented cryptography
based on electronic communication
because they were now sending messages
through the telegraph and the properties
of the telegraph are radically
different from the properties of paper.
And he worked this stuff out and
came up with a set of principles which
are still understood to be true today.
He was one of these amazing
thinkers who's just so smart and so
far ahead of his time.
So one of the things he wrote is
called The Kerckhoffs Principle and
he said the design of a system
should not require secrecy and
compromise of the system should not
inconvenience the correspondents.
So let me demonstrate what
he's talking about here.
So we have two correspondents Alice and
Bob and they need to communicate and
they don't want to be observed
while they're doing that.
So they have a cryptographic system.
In this cryptographic system, Alice
takes her message, her plain text and
puts it in an encryption machine.
She also puts a key into the encryption
machine and out comes a cipher-text.
She then transmits
the cipher-text to Bob and
it's entirely possible that that wire is
being observed and anybody can see it.
Bob receives the cipher-text, he puts it
in his decryption machine which may be
identical to Alice's encryption
machine and also puts in the same key,
which they exchanged in a prior meeting,
and that allows him to obtain the plain
text and this is basically how
all cryptographic systems work.
The thing that Kerckhoffs
said which was so
amazing was that there are no
secrets in the encryption machine.
The only secret in
the system is the key and
I still see people today, academics who
are saying, we should try to keep as
much of our system private as we can
in order to frustrate the attackers.
Kerckhoffs said no, just protect the keys,
that's all you have to do.
And he was right and he was right because
there is no security in obscurity.
And it turns out the more secrets you
have, the harder they are to keep and
just keeping the keys safe is really hard.
So you should focus all of
your attention on that.
There are some people who take
The Kerckhoffs Principle so
far as to say we should publish everything
about our system except our keys,
the good thing about that attitude
is you're never confused about
what are the important
secrets in your system.
So cryptography is not security but
the way that cryptographers
think about problems
Is a really useful way of thinking and
we should think like that too.
So I'm gonna try to teach you
to think like a cryptographer.
I'm gonna do that by teaching
about a cryptographic system
called the One Time Pad.
This is the only cryptographic system
which is guaranteed to be truly
unbreakable.
In all other cryptographic systems,
if you have enough time and
enough computer power, eventually you
can brute force, try every key and
eventually you'll break the system.
Not possible with a system, guaranteed
unbreakable which is pretty nice.
There are rumours that the hotline
between the White House and
the Kremlin is encrypted
with the One Time Pad.
So this is how it works.
We have a number of rules
that we have to follow.
The first one is that the key
must always remain secret.
This is true of every
cryptographic system.
Number two, the key must be at
least as long as the plain text.
Now this is really unusual.
In most cryptographic systems,
the key is some fixed size and
the messages tend to be
much longer than the key.
This one says the key has to be
at least as long as the message.
Then the cypher text is
obtained by Exclusive-ORing
the plain text and the key.
That is the algorithm.
That is the implementation of the system,
so it's really, really simple.
So let me demonstrate it to you.
This my plain text.
This is the JSON logo.
I'm using it because I can.
Usually you think of a plain text as being
a text, but this is an array of ones and
zeros, right?
So we can encrypt that.
This is my key.
The key is the same size as the message.
I'm going to Exclusive-OR them
together and if I do this correctly,
you should not see any sign, any ghost,
any whisper of the original message.
If a message is completely obscured,
hidden in the noise,
then I have encrypted it correctly.
The next rule says that the key
must be perfectly random or
cryptographically random.
Getting that kind of randomness is hard.
Now I went to a lot of trouble
to get that into my key.
So let me show you what
happens if you don't.
So this is a key, it looks just
like the key I showed you first,
except I made this one in Photoshop
with a noise filter, okay and
Photoshop's noise filters are not
guaranteed to be cryptographically random.
So if I Exclusive-OR my plain text with
this weak key, you can see it, right?
It's leaking through.
This is what crypt analysts are looking
for when they're breaking codes.
They're looking for any kind of pattern,
any kind of signal that's
leaking through the noise.
You are breaking an unbreakable
code with your brain,
and you're not even working hard at it.
And the reason you're able to
do that is your visual system
is extremely effective at
separating signal from noise, and
that's what crypt analysts do when
they're trying to break a code.
The next rule is so important,
it is the name of the system.
A key must never be used more than once.
So the metaphor for
how the system is used is I will print
two identical books of random numbers.
I will keep one,
I will give you the other one.
When I want to encrypt a message to you,
I will take the first sheet,
I will tear it out, I will encrypt
with it, I will then destroy it.
When you receive the message,
you will take the corresponding
sheet out of your book, you will decrypt
with it, and you will destroy it.
You will never use it again.
That's why it's called the One Time Pad.
So what happens if we violate that rule?
So this is a picture of me.
This was taken in Istanbul.
I'm using it because I can.
This, you'll recognise is
the first key that I showed you.
This is the first good key and
I'm going to encrypt my picture with
that and again, it's completely hidden.
I'm now going to
Exclusive-OR this one with
the first cipher text that I obtained.
And what happens is because they
each are Exclusive-ORed with a key,
the key will cancel out and I'm left
with the two messages Exclusive-ORed
with each other and
there is no security in that.
So cryptography is not security,
but cryptography can teach
us stuff about security.
It's something I've found is that
often we think incorrectly
about how to use cryptography.
If I'm looking at someone's system and
there are obvious security vulnerabilities
in them and I point them out to
the architect, the architect's first
response is, we need to encrypt something.
That turns out not to work.
But thinking like cryptographers,
that does work and
one of the tools that they use for
thinking
is they have a cast of characters who they
use for reasoning about their systems.
We've already met Alice and Bob.
They are standard characters
in the cryptographic show,
but there are lots of other characters.
For example, there is Eve.
Eve is an eavesdropper.
Eve might have a packet sniffer and
Eve might be NSA for example.
Eve is looking at everything
that's going between Alice and
Bob, and Eve is hoping to
accumulate enough stuff that
eventually she'll have enough information
to break their system or at least
be able to observe the pattern of their
communication and do a traffic analysis.
Then there is Mallory.
Mallory can do man in the middle of it,
man in the middle attacks.
Mallory might be operating a public
hot spot, and so Bob connects
to Mallory's network thinking that
he's gonna connect to Alice, but
he's actually connected to Mallory.
Mallory connects to Alice and
Bob tries to log in.
Mallory asks Bob, what's your password,
Mallory connects to Alice.
Alice says what's your password,
Mallory gives Bob's password to Alice.
Now he tells Alice,
please transfer my funds.
Mallory says to Alice,
please change my password.
Mallory says to Bob, I'm sorry we're
down right now, please come back later.
Is that something we
should be worried about?
Yeah, we should be worried about that,
yeah.
And then finally in my own practice,
I have a character I call Satan.
Satan is totally malicious.
He was very, very powerful, he is very,
very smart, he's very, very determined.
And he's financed, he's got the tools and
he wants to hurt us and our customers.
The approach that some people
take to him is to say well,
we won't let him connect to us.
You know if you're Satan,
you can't connect.
That's called a blacklist and
that doesn't work.
On the Internet, it is so
easy to create new identities that
you can't do that because
he'll just be somebody else.
So the other approach is we will
allow everybody to connect to us who
is not Satan.
That's a white list and
that doesn't work either in this case.
The only thing that works
is recognising that Satan
is going to connect to us and
he is going to do to us and
our customers whatever we allow
him to do to us and our customers.
And so we have a responsibility to do
everything right so that the capabilities
that we give to Satan are so limited and
so weak that he cannot cause us harm.
That is the only thing that works.
Nothing else works.
So because of that, security must be
factored into every decision we make.
Everything we do has
security implications and
can either make things better or
worse for Satan.
One big source of insecurity is
the idea that we'll go back and
make it secure later.
It's very common that engineers who
are building something will think the hard
part is going to be to get the systems
to boot, or the boxes to talk, or
the pixels on the screen.
Once we've done that,
2,0 will go back and add security.
Turns out that doesn't work.
Security is a really
hard thing to retrofit.
You need to get the stuff right at
the beginning and all along all the time.
You can't add security just
as you can't add reliability.
These are things that have to be removed.
That you have to remove insecurity.
You have to remove unreliability.
You can't add them.
Having survived to this point does
not guarantee future survival.
Everybody who does business on
the web has been under attacked
since the beginning of the web and
they have not destroyed us yet, but
that does not guarantee that they won't
and so you have to always remain vigilant.
>> Douglas Crockford: The impossible
is not possible, so
don't expect impossible
means to protect you.
If a measure is not effective,
it is ineffective, and
we should not be wasting any time or
attention on it.
Don't attempt to prohibit
what you can't prevent.
And what you don't prevent, you allow.
False security is worse than
no security because if you
know you're not secure, you'll be cautious
and if you think you're secure and
you're not, you will be reckless.